That makes sense, Miss, you let him sweep
Then see who is embarrassed
The cheek of the poor these days is getting thicker and thicker
If you don't give up until the Yellow River, then in order to let me give up
Please give me the bag, Miss
Is my identity still being verified?
The test is also yours.
Okay, then I'll come first.
Stop being mysterious there
Fake is fake
This bag turned out to be real
How is that possible?
He's a little intern
How can I possibly afford 600,000 bag?
If only one is sold in the whole area
It's really in Ye Qiuyan
I'm out of medicine
Isn't it your turn?
You must have done something on this phone.
And you're being led by the nose by this bitch
I am the daughter of the Ye family
If you are envious, I will make fun of you.
dare not dare
Where are you?
How dare we?
Don't be angry when playing games.
We were wrong.
Hey, fake is fake.
No matter how you fool it, it's rubbish.
I know who I am as a eldest lady
It stung your heart.
But it's not my fault that I'm rich
Disrespect the eldest lady again
I will disqualify you.
I don't know yet.
The job of the Ye Group is Miss Fengcheng
To please the eldest lady
Dare to talk back
This is underarm territory.
Of course it was Miss Ye who said it.
Forget it.
Don't do this
When I grow up, people say I am bullying others
Look at this, this is the pattern of people's down payment
What is Li Xiaoya doing?
Quickly apologize to the eldest lady
He should apologize to me
I don't know good or bad